<html>
<head>
<title>About</title>
<head>
<body background="b3.jpg">
<h1>Learn Photography Online</h1>
<p><h3>NYIP’s Mission is to empower students to achieve their aspirations through flexible, convenient, affordable, and highly relevant educational programs.
The New York Institute of Photography seeks to provide the highest level of distance education training in the art, technique, and business of photography using multi-media training materials developed by our staff and faculty, while providing a high level of service and support to every student.
We strive to be the leading non-traditional academic institution educating people motivated to improve their lives and photography. We empower students to achieve their self-improvement goals through flexible, convenient, affordable, and highly relevant programs of study. We keep our course cost low so the maximum number of students can afford to study with us, and our non-discrimination policy allows anyone who wants to study with us the opportunity to do so. We seek to support different learning styles through our multi-media materials and our student advisor program. 
With our low tuition, flexible payment plans, and "No-Risk" refund policy, it is our goal to offer the highest level of photographic training to students worldwide.
Our goal of "Success for Every Student" is also made possible with our well-developed, time-tested multimedia approach to education. Unlike traditional classroom models, our asynchronous distance education courses provide scheduling flexibility that allows students to engage at their own individual pace.
Our primary goal is to provide training that allows all students who enroll in an NYIP program to improve their skills and to take better photographs. We recognize that different students enroll with varying levels of experience and creative talent, and we design our instructional materials to take that into account.
We measure our success based on several factors: student completion rates, feedback solicited from our students, our graduates, our teachers and our student advisors, as well as regular surveys that we conduct with these groups and meetings we hold with our staff and faculty.
For each student, our principal objective is to assess the experience and talent the student brings to the program and to help that student gain experience and develop his/her photographic talents to the highest possible level. While students complete multiple choice comprehension exams, assessment of photographs submitted by the student in each course’s project assignments is the key way that we determine a student’s progress. In order to measure the student’s progress, each student is assigned to one professional photographer who will provide all the evaluations for the student allowing the teacher to develop a sense of the individual student’s progress.
Another objective is to provide all students with support in all aspects of photography. This is achieved by having student advisors who are available to students for any type of question relating to their studies or to any aspect of photography. Our advisors are all professional photographers and their feedback regarding student comments and concerns allows us to continually reevaluate our program.
NYIP also seeks to make photography more fun for all photographers. We provide free "how-to" content to all people interested in photography via our Website. We monitor the traffic on our website to determine how effective we are in reaching the community that wishes to take better photographs.</h3></p>
